# neovim-config

My init.vim config file as well as any other files related to my neovim 
config file and neovim configuration in general, and possibly a few bits of random
nonsense that I either didn't realize was in there or originally had a purpose...
probably.

## Policy

If you happen to find anything here that you think might be useful to you, have at 
it. There's nothing here that I didn't shamelessly steal from somewhere else, so I
would be a very dumb stupid fool to try and stop others from stealing it.


## Purpose 
My inadequate attempt to answer my own question when I look at all this and, with a 
mix of confusion and terror, I quietly mumble into the ether, what have I done?


The init.old.vim and init.old2.vim files are half-formed attempts at taking the 
essential elements from a previous init.vim config file and trying to translate them
over to a brand new file. The reason I did this is because I tend to find that a 
whole lot easier than hopelessly trying to get everything working again by editing 
the existing config file after something in it somehow becomes irreversibly broken.
Usually by the time something gets to be that broken, the original config file has
gotten a few orders of magnitude more complex than had any right to be, and starting
with a fresh file is a relief. Plus, I think it's probably much easier to start 
from nothing and slowly add back the elements that were in the old file, testing it 
out as I go to make sure it's not broken yet as opposed to trying to go the other 
direction and removing things one at a time from a configuration that's already 
hopelessly scrambled. 

All of the above nonsense is ultimately why I decided that just making a repository
to track the changes I make to it instead of nuking everything and starting over 
every time either I, or one of the devs who maintains all of the plugins I use, or 
worse, the one who manages the plugin that manages all of the other plugins, makes 
a terrible mistake somewhere that they either don't know about or haven't figured 
out yet, which ends up taking me by surprise the next time I open up a file and 
notice that suddenly everything is an eye-mangling combination of yellow, purple,
and green, and none of the time-saving keyboard shortcuts are doing anything at all 
because, as such situations have made painfully apparent, they are all enabled by 
plugins and as such they have all been completely nullified by the horrendous 
effects of what usually turns out to be something stupidly simple like having added 
single quotes to some important file path that should have had double quotes, or no 
quotes at all as the case may be (thanks dein.vim, that's two hours of my life I'll 
never get back).


